[YUNIKORN-2783] Doc changes to describe the new behaviour and caveats (#464)
apache/yunikorn-site: docs/user_guide/queue_config.md

Since the queue structure is fully hierarchical queues at different points in the hierarchy may have the same name.
As an example: the queue structure `root.testqueue` and `root.parent.testqueue` is a valid structure.
A queue cannot contain a dot "." character as that character is used to separate the queues in the hierarchy.

Valid Queue name:

* must be 64 characters or less,

> * could contain alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]), underscores (_), colons (:), hashes (#), slashes (/), at signs (@), and dashes (-).

Reviewer: nit: "could" -> "can"

> * could contain alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]), underscores (_), colons (:), hashes (#), slashes (/), ampersands (&), and dashes (-).

Reviewer 2: @manirajv06 no "ampersands (&)", should it be @?

> var QueueNameRegExp = regexp.MustCompile(`^[a-zA-Z0-9_:#/@-]{1,64}$`)
([Link](https://github.com/apache/yunikorn-core/blob/6939b13d1d0e65aef18722ef546413f3e1775be2/pkg/common/configs/configvalidator.go#L72C1-L73C1))

> If the name is not unique for the queue in the configuration or contains a dot or do not follow the above rules a parsing error is generated and the configuration is rejected.

Reviewer: nit: "...or does not follow the above rules, a parsing error is generated..."

Duplicate entries in the lists are ignored and do not cause a parsing error.
Specifying a star beside other list elements is not allowed.
When a wildcard group is configured, a limit must be configured with at least one named group.

Valid User name:

> * must start with lower case or upper case alphabet,

Reviewer 3: can also starts with underscore (`^[_a-zA-Z]`)

> * must start with lower case or upper case alphabet,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* must start with a letter (uppercase or lowercase) or an underscore (_).
```

> * followed by alphanumeric character ([a-z0-9A-Z]), underscores (_), colons (:), hashes (#), slashes (/), ampersands (&), dots (.), and dashes (-).

Reviewer 2: Ditto, no "ampersands (&)", should it be @?

> var UserRegExp = regexp.MustCompile(`^[_a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9:#/_.@-]*[$]?$`)

([Link](https://github.com/apache/yunikorn-core/blob/6939b13d1d0e65aef18722ef546413f3e1775be2/pkg/common/configs/configvalidator.go#L77))

> * could end with dollar ($).

Reviewer: nit: "could" -> "can"

Valid Group name:

> * must start with lower case or upper case alphabet

Reviewer 3: ditto.

> * must start with lower case or upper case alphabet

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* must start with a letter (uppercase or lowercase) or an underscore (_).
```
